God who is almighty and all-powerful
Who spoke the entire creation into being by his words
Can absolutely do anything
And do it all by himself.
When he said let there be light
There was no arguing
Light showed up
He called for the waters under the heavens.
To be gathered together so that dry land
May appear.
There was no contention
Those elements of creation simply obeyed
Could the maker of the ends of the universe not have delivered the promised salvation to humanity
Without our intervention
I believe he could have, however.
We've seen again and again history has taught us that he often chooses
To partner
With us.
He invites us to play a part
In his big story
Is it impossible for God to have made Jesus the send accompanied with
Angel Gabriel and Michael.
On a mountain without any human intervention
Of course it could have.
He's almighty can do all things
He's that powerful
But as we've seen since we started joining through Advent, it chose to be invitational.
He wants us to get involved in his grand story
So even regarding the promised salvation, it didn't just do it for us.
He chose to do it
With us.
Over the first two weeks uh
This month if you've been around Nicolo and Ajua Ajua actually did an amazing job
Diving into God's invitation to Mary and how Mary responded.
With faith
Of course apart from the fact that she was interested in the mechanism as a drug audit
Of our conception when she replied how shall these things be
Since I'm a virgin
but God is almighty isn't it
He's God and he can do all things with God all things
Are possible.
If you made it to church last week as well
We also had a visual glimpse of that story and saw other amazing characters that played
They are part in that story.
including Elvis the sheep
if he made it to church last week but
if not it's not on YouTube so
I'm sorry we can't help you
Okay.
We saw the shepherds who received the good news from the angel that appeared to them.
As they watched over their flocks at night
We saw the wise men who came with gifts from the east
Haven't seen the star of the newborn king
They came to worship
And offer the gifts to him
But as we see characters from different walks of life who responded to God's invitation
regarding our salvation package with faith and with the right attitude. The scripture also tells us
About a character named
Herod
Who received the same invitation but couldn't stand the fact that
He was on the throne reigning as king and...
Are you speaking of another king being born?
If you know that story went on a killing spree just to eliminate that one child
But God.
Before whom we all are like open books who saw the end even before the beginning
New erodes intention
And made adequate preparation for the child's safety
I know Herod might not be up
Favorite character in that story of Christmas
But what if is just a picture of how some of us have been responding
To God's invitation
What if we are in various ways too engrossed and attached
To the identity we have created by being in charge and being the one seated on the throne of our lives while God is saying
Hey!
The king is here
Make room for him
Make way
What if in various ways we also find it very difficult
To step down from the thrones of our lives
And have the king himself enthroned.
It's just 10 minutes
And i'm bringing it to land
I believe the Lord wants to reach out soon
Two categories of people in the room this morning aside
Prepare this
the things God
Kept laying on my heart.
has to do with these two categories of people.
I believe that those who have received God's invitation and acknowledged the king
but there's little encouragement that I believe the Lord will want to extend to you this morning can we like the shepherds
Be evangelists of what we have seen and heard.
What we have experienced of God's wonderful story of love
Can we herald it to the world out there that needs it the most in a time like this?
The overarching theme for
This year's Christmas celebration in the life of our church is hope
In a fragile world
Can we commit to being God's hands and feet
To be ministers of that hope
To those who need it
We who have been saved can we rise up for the salvation of others
Can we partner with God in the restoration of all things?
And be's hands and feet
to bring hope.
Into this fragile world
Luke 2:17 concerning the shepherds the scripture says
Now when they had seen him, they made widely known the same which was told them concerning this child.
Did he not keep it hush at work?
in the neighborhood.
They told them
Didn't keep quiet about it
The second category of people i believe might be listening this morning and you are welcome to church if you're here
That's some of us who maybe struggle to let go of the control of giving up the throne of our lives
for the King himself
to rain.
Matthew chapter 2 verse 3 the scripture says when Herod the king
Had these.
He was troubled.
and all of Jerusalem within.
The same way the shepherds mary
Had the good news and responded with faith
With joy and the winter telling others
The scripture says
Herod heard these, and he was.
Troubled.
I just want to use this opportunity to extend God's invitation yet again to you
To give him his rightful place
And sometimes we
Usually think
Erroneously actually
The.
If we give him the throne of our lives
Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe,
Is going to make it
Good chaos.
Of our lives
Maybe it's going to turn your life into something
You!
do not necessarily desire well I I really can't guarantee you that if we give
Him room and if you let him
That it won't move things around and maybe do some restructuring
Around our lives but this one thing
That he guarantees in his word.
Jeremiah chapter 29 verse 11.
The scripture says
For I know the plans.
And thoughts
that I have for you says the Lord
Plans for peace
And well-being
And not for disaster
To give you a future
I know hope.
There is hope in this fragile world.
The hope is in Christ.
If you have him already
Extend the hope to the world around you.
And if you're yet
To enthrone him
In his rightful place
This money is an opportunity for you
To do so
What if...
This Christmas
Max
The beginning.
Of a new journey
In your life
The scripture says today if you hear his voice do not
Harding your hearts.
Can we rise up
As a church please if you are able to do so
I don't know which category you are
In.
Buh.
You know
And the lord knows
So so
Is it okay to just spend some time to
Do business with any
between you and the Lord.
You know where you're at right now.
Do you just...
Want to engage with him
The Lord is in this place and I know it.
He's in our midst he's a manual he's God with us he has promised never to leave us nor forsake us
He has said where two or three are gathered in his name is there even in our midst
The Lord is here and you can do business with him this morning.
And if you're in that category and you would actually um
You would love to give
Gain a chance you would love to
Give him his right food
Place this morning
I'll invite you to say this
A little prayer with me between you and the Lord in your heart. Amen.
He hears you.
Why you're yet speaking he hears even before you say a word
He knows what's in your heart
Lord Jesus
I confess my sins and ask for your forgiveness
Please come into my heart
As my lord and savior.
Take control of my life and help me to walk in your footsteps daily
by the power of the
Of your holy spirit
Thank you Lord for saving me
And for answering my prayer